 Trump , call Oregon siege terrorism
 Armed protesters refuse to leave federal building
 Obama to roll out new executive actions on gun control
 U.S. raids target Central American immigrants
 Battle over stormtrooper helmets
 The night sky strapped to your wrist
 ` Making a Murderer ' : Petitions call for Steven Avery's release
 Four new elements to be added to periodic table
 Opinion : Girl Scouts are learning to lead
 May be months before ` affluenza ' teen back in U.S.
 Food stamps don't buy diapers : One mom's solution
 A unique idea for cancer patients
 George R.R. Martin misses ` Winter ' deadline
 The disappointed tourists of Yelp
 Ryan Seacrest : From ` Idol ' to empire
 Hillary Clinton heckled over Bill Clinton's sex scandals
 Serena Williams hit by injury
 Donald Trump predicts ` you won't be able to get guns'
 Guns in America in charts and graphs
 Why do women have a harder time sleeping than men ?
 Black hole near Earth ` burps' gas
 Donald Trump , last of the'80s CEOs ?
 Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth back together ?
 Tennis ' perfect match
 Oregon protest : Who are the Bundys ?
 Immigration raids belong in a Trump , not an Obama , administration
 Trump's nomination odds slipping
 The glorious force of Natalie Cole
 Retrial ordered in Chicago cop shooting case
 Oregon armed protesters reveal a name , timeline and cause
 New year , new laws : Hoverboards and BB guns
 What it means to be a ` shorter American '
 Atlanta teacher's slick dance routine with his students goes viral
 U.S. soldier killed in Afghanistan
 ` Affluenza ' teen's mother to appear in court Tuesday
 Why adult coloring books are good for you
 Flooding threat heads to the south
 CNN to host Obama town hall on guns
 ` Close Encounters' cinematographer dies
 Is this draining your life of meaning ?
 Oregon building takeover toxic , not patriotic
 Season canceled after rape charges
 What a shot ! 31 amazing sports photos
 Marine arrested in New Year's slaying of Texas college student
 102-story Seattle skyscraper plan deemed a ` hazard ' to aircraft
 Federal prosecutor investigating water crisis in Flint , Michigan
 FBI asks for help filling in San Bernardino terrorist attack timeline
 $ 1M accident costs sub captain his job
 How to help survivors of sexual assault
 How campuses deal with sexual assault
 Look at me ! 19 selfies of the week
 NRA declines to participate in Obama gun town hall
 Deal paves way for thousands of Cuban immigrants to U.S.
 American Kennel Club recognizes two new breeds
 Magnitude-4 .5 quake hits California
 New York salt miners rescued
 Social media reacts to Oregon occupation
 Country singer found dead
 Rhode Island police investigate alleged decades-old sex abuse at prep school
 Face it , Oregon building takeover is terrorism
 A win-win for our health and the planet
 Life on the campaign trail
 Flooding threat heads to the south
 Lethal strain of heroin strikes western Massachusetts
 Camille Cosby's lawyers : Stay or delay deposition
 New Year's resolution of a former terrorist : Redemption
 The most interesting coach in college football
 10 great quotes from Steve Jobs
 Rules to make school lunches healthier are working , study finds
 What are the safest airlines for 2016 ?
 ` La Barbie' to plead guilty to drug charges , attorney says
 Hijab gets professor at Christian college in trouble
 Navy to equip hundreds of ships with drones
 Ghosts of rape past : Can a survivor find solace in return to the crime scene ?
 Father outraged after TSA pats down 10-year-old daughter
 Ammon Bundy : FBI plans raid
 Gun control in America : How we got here
 Cruz : Obama ` not telling the truth ' about guns
 Bisexuality on the rise , says new U.S. survey
 People we lost in 2016
 Tribe in Oregon blasts takeover
 Mike Rowe : I didn't rob that bank
 Emergency declared over gas leak
 Officer in Sandra Bland case indicted
 Why Obama got emotional
 Jennifer Jones , actress of the Golden Age
 ` Affluenza ' teen's mom , Tonya Couch , arrives in Texas
 Who won the People's Choice Awards ?
 144-year-old Arctic shipwreck discovered
 Google Cardboard saves baby's life
 No copyright for this face
 Laser pointed at news helicopter leads to arrest
 5 things to know about ` Making a Murderer '
 New U.S. dietary guidelines : Step away from the sugar
 ` One Day at a Time' actor dies
 How likely is a pardon for ` Making a Murderer ' convict ?
 ` Ghost fleet ' graveyard where there is life
 Michigan governor apologizes for Flint water crisis
 FBI : Woman suspected in 6 jewelry store robberies
 ` American Sniper' widow : Gun control won't protect us
 Outrage over Maine governor's racially charged comments
 Lawmaker : Sex with lobbyists is a ` gift '
 Insane cold for NFL playoff game
 Feds arrest 2 refugees on terror-related charges
 Obama , critics connect at CNN's town hall on guns
 Poll : U.S. backs Obama's plan for gun control
 GOP candidates counter Obama on Twitter
 Donald Trump slams gun-free zones in Vermont speech
 NRA : Obama lacks ' a basic level of respect ' for the Second Amendment
 What we learned from Obama's town hall on guns
 The week in 35 photos
 Woman forced from Florida hospital dies after arrest
 Beyonce to join Coldplay for Super Bowl 50 halftime show
 Laquan McDonald witness : Officer threatened to ` get me '
 ISIS inspired cop ambush
 Manatees set for removal from endangered species list
 Grandmother gives birth to granddaughter
 The real question on gun control
 White House responds to ` Making a Murderer ' petition
 ` Affluenza ' teen's mom in court
 ` Affluenza ' mom withdrew $ 30,000 before leaving with son
 Muslim protester kicked out of Trump rally
 How cop survived ISIS-inspired ambush
 Company says no listeria has been found in any of its products
 Oregon occupiers reject sheriff's offer
 Gov. wants constitutional convention
 Missing U.S. missile found in Cuba
 Deformed mountain lion a mystery
 Senator : New Clinton email ` disturbing '
 Officer , suspect wounded in shootout after Bronx party
 Flight diverted due to ` threatening message '
 Arrest in string of jewelry store robberies
 Will Bloomberg enter the race ?
 ` Hunger Games' star comes out
 Obama to visit Detroit Auto Show
 Train passenger shot and killed in Bay area , suspect on run
 ` El Chapo' secretly met Sean Penn in Mexican jungle
 White House responds to ` El Chapo' interview
 ` El Chapo' to be extradited to U.S. , authorities say