Nicki Minaj and Meek Mill seem to have reignited old engagement rumors after a series of social media posts and lots of public affection during the female rapper’s Powerhouse 2015 concert performance.
Minaj posted an Instagram photo Friday, in which she flaunts a 15 carat diamond heart-shaped ring worn on her ring finger.
https://instagram.com/p/9Hwx5er8do/
However, this is not the first time fans have seen this ring. According to Billboard, whispers of Nicki Minaj and Meek Mill’s engagement began circulating six months ago when Nicki sent out a tweet with ring emojis, a heart, and a diamond. The tweet read, “I’ll post it later.” Minaj then posted a photo to Instagram showing off the new ring that was given to her by Meek Mill.
https://instagram.com/p/1g3vsSL8Rc/
“[Our relationship] is definitely real, but it ain’t really time to get married yet,” Meek said. “We’re still learning each other, feeling each other out.”
The ring isn’t the only reason rumors are buzzing, however.
Nicki Minaj posted another photo to Instagram Saturday. This time, the rapper can be seen making a kissy face with Meek Mill and a woman who appears to be Mill’s grandmother.
https://instagram.com/p/9NQIdUL8TO/
That same night, according to the Daily Mail, Nicki paused her concert for a lingering kiss with Meek Mill in front of a packed crowd at the Power 99 FM’s Powerhouse 2015, which was held in Mill’s home town.
“You’ve got to make it known what thing you’ve got for one Philly n****r in the building tonight, yeah!” Meek said while approaching Minaj. “Wait, hold on,” Nicki said as she grabbed Meek’s hand.”Well, it’s kinda obvious that I only have a thing for one Philly n****r.”
After the kiss, the two rappers continued to show affection as they held hands throughout the set.
Thus far, Nicki Minaj has said very little about her relationship with Meek Mill.
“We’ve been friends for a very, very long time, and he’s been around for a lot of things that I’ve gone through,” she told People. “And that’s all I’ll say about that.”
However, the rapper and businesswoman, as always, is vocal about her career. Entertainment Weekly reports that Minaj is expanding her talents to television. Nicki will not only be starring in a new ABC Family series, but she will be the executive producer.

“This is one of the more unique adventures I’ve ever embarked on,” Minaj said in a statement. “I couldn’t be more proud and excited to team up with an amazing group of people to give the world something really special.”
The half-hour comedy series will be inspired by Minaj’s own life and will chronicle her move from Trinidad to Queens, New York, and her rise to hip-hop stardom, reports Deadline.com. For those who don’t know, Minaj studied acting at LaGuardia High School in Manhattan, and the rapper was actually pursuing an acting career before she became a successful musician.
“Nicki Minaj is a force to be reckoned with at everything she touches,” said ABC Family’s EVP Programming and Development Karey Burke. “Nicki is an international superstar, yet not everyone knows how inspiring and hilarious her true story is, and we can’t wait to share it with the world.”
At the moment, the series, written by Kate Angelo, does not have a title, but the pilot episode is set to film in Nicki Minaj’s hometown this winter. And who knows, maybe Meek Mill will make a guest appearance.
[Photo by Bennett Raglin / Getty Images]

Read more at http://www.inquisitr.com/2518199/is-nicki-minaj-engaged-rapper-sports-ring-and-meets-meek-mills-family-before-filming-new-series/#0Y3IoBV8fgpwdjjV.99